Documentation: Observability Section (#7412)
zio/zio: docs/reference/observability/logging.md

---
id: logging 
title: "Introduction to Logging in ZIO"
sidebar_label: "Logging"
---

> ZIO preliminary supports a lightweight built-in logging facade that standardized the interface to logging functionality. So it doesn't replace existing logging libraries, but also we can plug it into one of the existing logging backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZIO supports a lightweight built-in logging facade that standardizes the interface to logging functionality. So it doesn't replace existing logging libraries, but also we can plug it into one of the existing logging backends.
```
